# Device Management Project
## C# university project

> The project was created and updated throughout the university course entitled “Application Databases". It includes the following Core .NET stack technologies and concepts: **ASP.NET Core, .NET Core (8.0), Entity Framework Core, LINQ, Authentication, Authorization, Validation, Dependency Injection, Configuration, Logging**.

## application.json file
> The project must have an **application.json** file. It has to be created or generated by the user in the IDE/code editor. However, it is important to preserve the structure of the application file as shown **below**:

```
{
  "Logging": {
    "LogLevel": {
      "Default": "Information",
      "Microsoft.AspNetCore": "Warning"
    }
  },
  "AllowedHosts": "*",
  "ConnectionStrings": {
    "DeviceDatabase" :  ">>ConnectionString<<"
  },
  "Jwt": {
    "Issuer": "http://localhost:0000",
    "Audience": "http://localhost:0000",
    "Key": ">>keyToken<<",
    "ValidInMinutes" : 10    // set up estimated time for token
  }
}
```

## Inside application.json file
> User has to specify in the **"ConnectionStrings"** field connection string, which will make possible to connect between your own database (e.g. it's can be Docker/Azure) and the main program. 

> There is also one more important field called "Jwt". This field is responsible for **Authentication** within the program. For instance, **"Issuer"** and **"Audience"** must have user-defined ports. The **"Key"** field is the most **important** because only this field gives the user access to create a valid authentication token.

 **__Imporant note__**: **"Key"** field value has to have length more than 32 symbols!

## Outside the project
> The main decision to split a code was done by me personally. Personally, I'm used to, and was taught to, keep each layer as a separate project. This decision gives me absolute flexibility in customising the project and its packages. **Thanks to Kostya, I can understand that choice very well**.
